Source Mailchimp: update documentation (#11352)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/mailchimp.md

# Mailchimp

This page guides you through the process of setting up the Mailchimp source connector.

## Prerequisites

> For Apikey authorization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For API Key authorization:
```

* Mailchimp account 
* Mailchimp API key

For OAuth2.0 authorization:
* Mailchimp registered app

> * Mailchimp client_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mailchimp `client_id`
```

> * Mailchimp client_secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mailchimp `client_secret`
```

## Step 1: Set up Source

[Log in](https://login.mailchimp.com/) to Mailchimp account. 
If you don't have a Mailchimp account already, you’ll need to [create](https://login.mailchimp.com/signup/) one in order to use the API. 

## Step 2: Set up the source connector in Airbyte

**For Airbyte Cloud:**

1. For using [OAuth2.0](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/access-user-data-oauth-2/) creds, 
please [register](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/access-user-data-oauth-2/#register-your-application) 
your Mailchimp account.
2. [Log into your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.io/workspaces) account.
3. In the left navigation bar, click **Sources**. In the top-right corner, click **+ new source**.

> 4. On the Set up the source page, enter the name for the Mailchimp connector and select **Mailchimp** from the Source type dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the source setup page, elect **Mailchimp** from the Source type dropdown and enter a name for this connector.
```

Reviewer: We no longer require the name to be filled before the dropdown in our UI.

5. Select `OAuth2.0` Authorization method, then click `Authenticate your account`.
6. Log in and Authorize to the Mailchimp account and click `Set up source`.

**For Airbyte OSS:**

> 1. For using an API key [create account](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/quick-start/#create-an-account) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For using an API key, [create an account](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/quick-start/#create-an-account) 
```

in Mailchimp.
2. [Generate](https://mailchimp.com/developer/marketing/guides/quick-start/#generate-your-api-key) API key. 
3. Go to local Airbyte page.
4. In the left navigation bar, click **Sources**. In the top-right corner, click **+ new source**. 
5. On the Set up the source page, enter the name for the Mailchimp connector and select **Mailchimp** from the Source type dropdown. 
6. Select `API key` Authorization method, then copy and paste your API key from step 2. 
7. Click `Set up source`.

## Supported sync modes

> The Mailchimp source connector supports the following [sync modes](https://docs.airbyte.com/getting-started-with-airbyte-cloud/core-concepts#connection-sync-modes):

Reviewer: Looks like this link is broken?

cc: @Amruta-Ranade are all of these links broken due to the migration?

 - Full Refresh
 - Incremental

> We don't support Incremental Deletes for `Campaigns`, `Lists`, and `Email Activity` streams. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't support Incremental Deletes for `Campaigns`, `Lists`, and `Email Activity` streams because
```

> Mailchimp doesn't give any information about deleted data in these streams.

Reviewer: Make sure this sentence continues from the prior sentence.
